Implementation of http get Method====>>

* we need to pass the URL for Get method

* we will get a observable

=>The Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is designed to 
enable communications between clients and servers.

HTTP works as a request-response protocol between a client 
and server.

Example: A client (browser) sends an HTTP request to the 
server; then the server returns a response to the client. 
The response contains status information about the request 
and may also contain the requested content.

The GET Method
GET is used to request data from a specified resource.

GET requests can be cached
GET requests remain in the browser history
GET requests can be bookmarked
GET requests should never be used when dealing with sensitive data
GET requests have length restrictions
GET requests are only used to request data (not modify)

 when sending data, the GET method adds the data to 
the URL; and the length of a URL is limited 
(maximum URL length is 2048 characters)



Http POST methode-> whenever we are trying to create a new 
resource at the backend so we use post Method
eg: login, crate new user,create new lead, create new contact,
anything that you create or add new will most likely include
http post


Http DELETE Methode->

The DELETE method requests that the origin server remove 
the association between the target resource and its current
 functionality. . i.e. HTTP DELETE method deletes the 
specified resource at the origin of server.

Http delete - Use Cases
* simple HTTP DELETE methode call
* DELETE Methode call with Headers
* DELETE Methode call with Params -> The Angular ActviatedRoute 
also maintains the Route Parameters in the Params array. 
The Params array is a list of parameter values, 
indexed by name.
* Delete Methode call with Type Casting

Http Interceptors-> 
 Http interceptors intercept and handles any http request or
http response most interceptors transform the outgoing request
before passing it to the next interceptor(whenever we try to
make a request  to the backend apis or server we pass details
like authentication token username passwords etc)
*it is also rare but valid for an interceptor to return 
multiple responses on the event stream for a single request.

GITHUB->
GitHub is a code hosting platform for version control and 
collaboration. It lets you and others work together 
on projects from anywhere.



