Good morning sir/madam,
First of All, Thank you for giving me this opportunity to introduce my self.
 my name is Samprit Kanungo, basically I am from odisha but right now I am living in Hyderbad. 

I have completed my B.tech from GITAM Bhubaneswar as well as schooling from SSH in odisha.

After completing my B.tech I joined an organization called WEBWHEEL TECHNOLOGIES. Initialy First
 4 months they gave me the training and then they have assigned me a project.
The project name is Practice Management (PM). 
The project is basically from client tracking, to efficient scheduling, deadline calendars, invoicing and an in-built CRM, it provides you with a suite of advanced tools to manage every aspect of running your practice and make smarter business decisions. 
Our team size is 10.
In that project there is a page called reports page where I am working. In that page there is the lists are available of all CA's. If we want to add any new CA profile then we can add through a from and add details of that profile. After adding there is a table where we can see all the details of all CA's. If we want to update we can update there details and we can even delete the profile also.
So, In that project my resposibilities are creating HTML pages from scratch, adding colors through CSS or Bootstrap as per the requirement and api integration to add functionalities and get data dynamically.

 It’s from client tracking, to efficient scheduling, deadline calendars, invoicing and an in built 
CRM(Customer relationship management), it provides you with a suite of advanced tools to manage every aspect of running your 
practice and make smatter business decisions..

In this project my resoponsibility is Development of HTML pages from scratch.
 Integration of HTML pages into angular.
 Service Integration to get data dynamically.

It’s from allow the administrator of edit and find out the personal details of a student and 
allows the student to keep up to date his profile. And also provide some advance feature Exam 
time table, Allocate proctor, Allocate class room, Student grading System. It’ll also facilitate 
keeping all the records of students, such as their id, name mailing address, dob etc.

In this project my resoponsibility is Development of HTML pages from scratch.
 Integration of HTML pages into angular.
 Service Integration to get data dynamically.


This is all about myself.

Thank you.